welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're doing the western
zombie style with the 2011 film exit
humanity
for more zombie themed civil war
reenactments subscribe to the channel
let's get to it
we open on some introductory text
followed by a narration
introducing us to an old journal that
may contain some early info that would
be helpful in managing a modern zombie
problem
that we never witness so let's peruse it
shall we we go back to edward young a
musketeer for the south who noticed
toward the end of the war that he
occasionally came across the random
relentless soldier who seemed unwilling
to die
but he puts this behind him and six
years later we find him
two days after leaving his family for a
hunting trip he returned and had to kill
his zombie wife
and found his son adam had gone missing
he runs off into the woods like a wild
beast in search of his progeny while
doing so he flashes back to his recent
trauma
remembering that at that time he was
also flashing back to prior memories
that informs us old ed wants nothing
more than to be a good man
as we try to figure out where exactly we
are in all of this he reaches a watering
hole where he's confronted with the
horrific visage of his now
undead son when he eventually gets back
home we see he's having a real hard time
relaxing
possibly due to the unending hellscape
that has become his daily life
but the journal the sweet journal it
reminds him of a waterfall that brought
him
solace in the war and would be the
perfect place for his dead son's ashes
so he embarks on this journey and before
long he finds another zombie hunter
friend
isaac before they can even agree on a
new secret handshake they have to unite
against a common enemy and then later
bond over some roasted pumpkin seeds and
pumpkin spiced beers
isaac tells him about a crazy general
with a stronghold in the woods
trying to find a cure to the disease to
that end he recently abducted isaac's
sister emma
isaac gets edward to agree to join him
in a mission to save her and in the
morning they head out in pursuit of this
common interest but along the way
edward gets bushwhacked by the general
and his colonels they're just out poking
around following up on rumors of someone
walking around with immunity to the
plague
as one does they volunteer edward for
their medical testing program
under threat of shooting his dick off
when he gets to the cell he finds
isaac's kin
and then he breathes heavily for a long
period of time
[Music]
meanwhile the doctor drops in on the
general to provide a report
no progress as of yet which the general
finds
unacceptable but the program is
essentially over at this point as when
they come for emma isaac peek-a-boos the
card and facilitates the escape of all
the prisoners
in the confusion of the escape
represented here by the kooky camera
work
edward takes a slug to the leg emma
suggests they retreat to the farm
the farm's burnt to the ground yeah
idiot where have you been
so they go to the medicine woman's old
house instead and they find it still
standing
with the owner still creeping around she
helps by gently massaging the wound
until he's stabilized
then she shows the others her zombie
collection and explains the safety
measures she's taken around the property
they work to earn their keep while
edward's body mends
and they eventually settle into a new
way of life hoping time will heal all
wounds but the attacks become more
persistent
until one night emma gets bit but it's
all good she's been bit before she
didn't say anything due to her fear of
being bite-shamed in public
and she had no problems with that bite
even from normal bacterial infection
which i guess means the general was on
to something as their barian holes get
filled up and they start to get light on
ammo they decide to take additional
action to shore up their supplies
making for the general's encampment they
get in and out but don't go undetected
edward leaves the next day to attend to
the matter of his son's ashes
while gone a colonel finds their camp
and reports it back to the general
so they posse up and roll out after
edward finds his inner peace he returns
to find
signs of outward violence he's unable to
save eve or the house
so he heads out for the others he puts
on his battle makeup and announces
himself to the other creatures of the
night
leading them to the fort he leads them
to do a little gnawing on some of the
soldiers while he makes his way in to
find emma and isaac
he gets them but isaac doesn't make it
out once they emerge edward splits off
to lead their pursuers away and tricks
the colonel into a tiger pit
then the general closes in and convinces
edward to engage in what would have been
at the time a modern fashion duel
this proves an ill-advised move as
edward guns him down on the riverbank he
then reunites with emma and they start
their new life together aiming to
repopulate the lands with zombie immune
babies
quick reminder that i have a website
where you can make donations to support
the channel
any donation earns access to an
uncensored 10-minute review of toby
hooper's life force
it also now has some horror themed
apparel so check it out exit humanity
has a surprisingly hardcore cast but
suffer somewhat from a meandering plot
it was overall
okay if you enjoyed the video i'd love
for you to become a part of the channel
by subscribing
thanks for watching